ah
hello here andreas bleed haikus
dotcom and next to me I have my beautiful
mother rum and that as always is together
to me in this session of home remedies
tell me mom that we will be doing today
because today we will be sharing with
our friends how to prepare a cream
moisturizer to restore shine to
dry hair
it's good because today the wide glow
working from allende or because really
we mistreat with so many things that
we are doing on hair and hair and
we will also be sharing with
her how to prepare a dry shampoo in
dry
I've heard is a spray and this one
today is not in espresso powder and is
dust tell me what time yes because I
many years ago I started
as I have the hair is extremely
greasy then in those occasions that no
I had time to wash my hair with
the reason why it was then then I
I would throw that spray and leave your hair
as finished washing what I do not
knew then was that
probably that the clay of full
toxic chemicals we do there
today's is natural and powder that is
different because we are then
also conserving our environment
ambient
so let's start doing these
two home remedies because we see he does not
he likes to have healthy hair and that
it looks beautiful so let's start
the first ingredient that you will use
is a spoonful of coconut oil that
will provide natural ingredients that
they are going to help our hair with
growth and with its brightness the second
ingredient is a spoonful of honey that
It has many vitamins and minerals that
They will help your hair and it is also the
responsible for giving it that shine that
you're looking for what you 're going to mix well and
You will apply on all the hair for 20
minutes giving you a soft massage and
cough in the head to reduce fatigue
mentally and then you're going to swallow it
the second recipe is a dry shampoo
Well this dry shampoo which
it really does is absorb that fat
of the scalp firstly
will use 2 tablespoons of aaron root
also known in Spanish as the
virus two tablespoons of baking
sodium and two tablespoons of baby powder
also optional you can enter the
six drops of favorite essential oil
we are going to be using the oil
of lavender let's mix all these
ingredients well and then we enter it
in this container this container what it is is
a salt shaker is because it's so much easier
to apply it on the scalp as well
that you will apply it and with the yolks of
your fingers are going to gently rub your
head and then you will comb it to
remove excess dust
now we would like to hear from you and that we
count in the comments some
homemade recipes you've made to give
honey to your hair and I can that is
for us to be able to treat it next
once subscribe to my channel for more
home remedies like this recipes
healthy and some tips
singles about different topics for
help you take control of your health
do not forget to visit my website www
zambrano in the co2 dot com for
find much more information many
thank you for being here and see you in the
next video